feat: add lpc and github use case blog (#804)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/events/2026-ebpf-track-lpc/index.md

---
date: '2026-10-05T17:00:00.000Z'
place: 'Prague, Czechia'
title: 'Linux Plumbers Conference 2026'

> description: 'For the seventh year in a row, the eBPF & Networking Track is going to bring together developers, maintainers, and other contributors from all around the globe to discuss improvements to the Linux kernel's networking stack as well as BPF subsystem and their surrounding user space ecosystems such libraries, loaders, compiler backends, and other related system tooling.'

Reviewer: I'm not sure what's causing the build issue in Netlify preview exactly, but I see you have single quotes around your description, and an apostrophe in the sentence (`kernel's`) - perhaps the apostrophe is parsed as a closing single quote, and the rest of the parsing breaks after that. You could try using double quotes around the description instead:

```suggestion
description: "For the seventh year in a row, the eBPF & Networking Track is going to bring together developers, maintainers, and other contributors from all around the globe to discuss improvements to the Linux kernel's networking stack as well as BPF subsystem and their surrounding user space ecosystems such libraries, loaders, compiler backends, and other related system tooling."
```
